Did you know she was pregnant?
This money-losing product actually has a child from the Lu family
God help me too
Oops, damn me.
I really didn't know that Xiao Yang had my baby in his belly
If I knew, I would never do it
And the funding loophole in my company
How dare you give me money at this time?
Jiang Xiao, you deserve to die
Take care of him for me. Yes.
Hold on.
I'll be at the hospital soon.
Drive faster
Fu Caution
If only I could feel your arms and warmth earlier
How nice it would be
It's too late now
I dare not love you anymore
Why are you crying?
Does it hurt?
Ruojingshan
Please, for the sake of the child
Let me go
Okay, but you have to promise
You and the baby in your belly are safe and sound
What I mean is...
Any young master of the Lu family is a member of the Lu family
Can't be okay
Without my permission in the future
Don't go to your father again
Do you hear me?
speechless
Hurry up